What is Express.js?
->  
    1.  Express.js is a JavaScript Framework, but it is specifically designed to work within Node.js environment.
        we can say that Express.js is web-application framework for Node.js

    2.  It is lightWeight (size of express is 215kb), scalable (due to easy way to writing code), 
        flexible (we can use functions as per our requirement), fast and robust (easy to build)

    3.  It simplifies many tasks involved in building a server, such as routing, handling requests and responses, 
        middleware management, and more.

    4.  In node.js we have to write lots of code (complicated) to achive a task like Dynamic-routing, etc...
        But with help of express.js we can achive same task with less simple code which increase readbility.
        making development smoother.


Key Features of Express.js?
-> 
    1.  Routing: Express.js provides a powerful routing mechanism to handle different HTTP requests (GET, POST, 
        PUT, DELETE, etc.) for different URLs.
    

    2.  Middleware: Middleware functions are functions that have access to the request object (req), the response 
        object (res), and with the help of these middleware-function we can modify the request and response objects, 
        end the request-response cycle, and call the next middleware function.
        
        ( Basically we can access request & response object's properties & methods, send response, validate response, 
          or maintain the flow of the Middleware-function with the help of Middleware function )
        
        Example of Middleware function & properties:
            req.method, req.url, next(), req.query.token, res.status(403), etc...


    3.  Template Engines: We also get many Template engine like Pug, EJS, and Handlebars to generate HTML dynamically.


    4.  Static Files: It allows you to serve (send) static files like images, CSS, and JavaScript files.
    
    
    5.  Error Handling: Express.js has a robust mechanism for handling errors.

    
    6.  Built-in Utilities: Express.js provides a number of utility functions to facilitate common tasks, 
        like parsing request bodies and managing cookies.  